hey guys right here with another clash
of clans video and welcome we are live
in our 24 hour stream right now and I
just had some awesome clips we are doing
some viewer challengers clips don't even
worry about this second-rate guys you
guys don't see that it does not exist
that minus 16 I Valkyries doesn't exist
but we did this first right here it was
awesome we had all Giants and I didn't
think it was going to go too well but we
go in I put down my giants they just
actually overwhelmed level 7 Giants are
really really strong I was thinking yeah
they're just going to get wrecked this
isn't going to go too well but my hero
surprisingly were able to clean up a
whole bunch of it as you guys can see my
barbarian king and my queen are just
ripping through everything in the Giants
actually doing really really well like
they'll pile onto these defenses and
just take them out in like one hit which
is awesome so um yeah my king is taking
down the town hall and he's reckoning it
and then I still have a bunch of giants
left I mean we've ripped through a whole
bunch of his base already I was just
really impressed with how this raid win
i was like thinking okay to star maybe
maybe we'll get a two star but then it
just ended up getting the 3 stars we
didn't end up getting the three supper
we end up getting pretty dang close on
it I thought for a minute there we're
gonna have the three star but playing it
out you can see my ears were so away
alive and I was like oh okay we can do
this still have my Queens a building my
Kings ability was down blares like with
the Queen's ability I should be able to
do this in the actual stream guys I was
thinking oh man we so got this if I can
just use her ability right I use her
ability there and then she's going to
take out everything else and here I was
worried about traps up here we do run
into a bomb or two but she's okay I
thought these were the last two
buildings over here because we had
ninety six percent I thought they gave
you two and uh it's gonna take those out
and I realized we have 15 seconds left I
go wait what's left I look over here and
look what was left guys we still have
those two army camps and unfortunately
time is going to run out and we're not
going to get there so that sucked
there's nine cups that was an awesome
viewer challenge rate I appreciate that
really cool and then we did this other
viewer challenge rage guys where we did
all bow crees you guys don't see that
one below this one don't worry about
that one you guys don't see that one we
did this one and I was like oh okay we
got to go in for this and uh brought a
jump spell brought some different spells
for this attack besides the one before
this that you guys didn't see by the way
Valkyries are just going to tear up
everything sorry I'll slow down on this
one this one was a lot more interesting
some Valkyries went over here and
they're just going to die off put the
freeze fall down on the infernal tower
and the Tesla as well as the expo
because he didn't really have any
multi-target Dion defenses I wanted to
worry about it have the wizard tower but
I'm gonna go ahead and put down a heels
ball here and they're gonna heal back up
to full I'm gonna speed it up a little
bit my Kings can go down my queen is
gonna go down as well here I was
thinking okay I'll be happy if we get
one star think i actually had Valkyries
inside this clan castle that we ended up
fighting and then here's why I was like
there's no way we can do there's they're
just all gonna melt or something they're
actually super duper tanky though even
that bomb isn't going to be enough for
them they do take a lot of damage from
it they come over here I'm like come on
rip apart the town hall and I was
thinking dang they're not ripping up the
tunnel what's going on we're gonna lose
right next to the tunnel and then I saw
how many were left after that and we
just ripped those buildings apart and we
actually get the two star with just all
Valkyries which is awesome so stoked
about that so some fun viewer challenges
guys I'm having a lot of fun streaming
right now really really cool we did it
we got the two star on that one that was
awesome attack and uh yeah I mean I'm
fewer challenges are pretty fun so if
you guys have any good challenges for me
um let me know in the comments down
below and I might do some more of these
viewer challenge videos um I hope you
guys enjoyed that I know I did those
stream the stream challenges are pretty
fun and uh yeah let me know what you
guys thought about this video in the
comments down below so I'm gonna 500
likes and you guys like comment
subscribe and take it easy